hi this is Joelle Dominguez from dance
with feeling if you're watching this
video is because you are interested on
musicality and timing for salsa now
before I start talking about salsa music
allottee and timing let me ask you a
question or actually do you ask yourself
is how come I'm not at the level of
dancing that I want to be when it comes
to salsa dancing we have to start
thinking on timing musicality leading
following turns resistance and on top of
that we have to count
so just in mind that you have already
too many things in your head and the
best way to start dancing is start
dancing with the music so but to
understand the music we don't really
need to start counting on every single
time so an example you're going out
there and dancing with the with your
partner can you mind yourself on the
dance floor counting and not only that
you get distracted because you already
have so many instruments to start listen
to and then on top of that you have to
memorize the turns of your ladies you
have to start memorizing the styling or
doing the hand movements so sometimes
it's too much so the idea is to start
listen to music but without thinking so
the body is going to come as a natural
movement so you're going to start
feeling more comfortable on the dance
floor and of course you will have more
fun so this is why we have to start
understanding every single instrument in
that creates the salsa music in order to
start filling and start interpretating
yourself okay it's not hard but you have
to know what you have to listen to so
let me tell you what is going to save
your dancing its musicality he has
definitely musicality you know the thing
is everybody is doing the same thing and
everybody's counting one two three five
six seven over and over they put it in
the head but they never pay attention or
sometimes you don't pay attention to the
music to actually the instruments maybe
let me ask you a question
do you know every single instrument the
way that they sound
if you know congratulations but it's not
only know how the instruments play we
have to also understand how we're going
to start moving our body depending on
the instrument that we are listening to
correct so if you don't have an idea of
how the instrument sounds don't worry
we're going to get to that point but the
important part right now is that it's
instead doing the same things just
counting we limit ourselves so what we
want to do is start a listen and educate
a little more ourselves to understand
more what we can do with our body
depending on the instrument that we
listen to okay so to see different
results we have to start doing different
things one of the challenge that I had
when I was starting dancing salsa
because I started just like you I start
from beat from the beginning I didn't
know how to dance salsa so I start
training little by little and then I
educate myself especially with
instruments actually I love the way that
the conga sounds so Amanda you already
dancing but you only count 1 2 3 5 6 7
so we never going to get different
results you always going to feel the
same on the dance floor
so the reason is because we're doing
exactly the same thing over and over it
doesn't matter that you learn hundreds
of turns it's about what do you do with
these turns how do you make it work and
create dynamics to make it look totally
different so for example a crossword a
lead or any turn that you do in salsa
you can do it on so many ways that
you're going to feel very comfortable
and every song is going to be a
different way so for example you do a
crossbody lead with one song or we want
rhythm is going to feel totally
different when you do it to a different
song to a different speed and different
rhythm and this is not because the
counting it's because we can express
depending on the music and we can
interpret it the instrument that takes
over that song so if you implement
musicality in your dancing believe me
you will have different results this is
what inspired me to create a very easy
system to follow that we call dance with
filling yes dance what really needs a
series of videos online that we divided
on modules and you will come to this
page is the first page
anybody scroll down little by little you
will see all the lessons that you will
get so this is the lesson 1 which is the
intro on lesson to dance on beat
number 3 we talked about the principle
instruments to dance with when we done
salsa the number 40 is dancing on the
conga beat the number 5 is dancing with
the piano or t-bone to know lesson
number 6 is how to dance with the
imbalance or how to start listen to the
team balanced number 7 the cowbell
number 8 how to dance with the widow and
number 9 the bonus with JoEllen Aniyah
myself and we were teaching about how to
dancing with life music and also you can
see the number 10 is how to use salsa
bit machine to practice at home now if
this is not enough for you I going to
give you an extra bonuses so the bonus
number 1 is going to be a worship that
we create here in New York and we
created with Anya Anya kids man and she
was helping me to explain with live
music with live instruments and we did a
worship a full worship and we were
dancing to different instruments so you
can actually hear the music you will see
the players the musicians and also you
will see our steps are as we going so
you will have all all these videos now
the bonus number 2 is going to be
webinars so often we're doing webinars a
couple year a couple times a year
and you will have access to these
webinars for free so every time that we
do a webinar about musicality timing you
will have access because it's going to
be on the members area as well but wait
is more I want to give you the extra
bonus and this is for dance with feeling
live access and life updates that means
whenever we add more information more
videos of
and new ways to explain you a better
ways to start using your musicality in
your dancing you will have access to
that so the bun is one you will have the
worship that we did in New York the
Bonner is number three it's going to be
the webinars that we have on the members
area and the number three you have
access to any updates that we create all
that we add in the members area of dance
with filming so the only thing that you
have to do is use click the Add button
that is down below this video and you
will have instant access and just
because I trust on all the value that
are going to give you I can extend my
guarantee for 60 days what does that
mean if you don't like these videos you
don't like the way that I talk of the
way that something that you don't like
from these videos you send me an email
now you're going to refund your money
that's right so all the risk is on me so
the only thing that you have to do is
click on the link below this video you
will see the button and you will have
full access to dance with feeling okay
so thank you so much I hope that you
enjoyed this video and see you on the
next page